add_namespace = Brezhnev_Pol
add_namespace = Destalinization
add_namespace = Maoism_SU
add_namespace = Sakharov
add_namespace = Sakharov_HRC
add_namespace = Brezhnev_Ethniciy
add_namespace = ABMT
add_namespace = SALT_II
add_namespace = ROM_NORMALIZATION
add_namespace = SOV_PLO
add_namespace = SOV_AFG
add_namespace = Brezhnev_POL
add_namespace = SOV_Detente
add_namespace = SOV_VIN
add_namespace = SOV_Mid_FP
add_namespace = Sov_FP
add_namespace = Brezhnev
add_namespace = SOV_Kashmir
add_namespace = SOV_PAL
add_namespace = Solzhenitsyn
add_namespace = DevSocialism
add_namespace = Brezhnev_Constitution
country_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Pol.10
	title = "Inauguration of the Collective Leadership"
	desc = Brezhnev_Pol.10.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Pol_10
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Good"

	}
}
country_event = {
	id = ROM_NORMALIZATION.1
	title = "Soviet's Request Normalization"
	desc = ROM_NORMALIZATION.1.d
	picture = GFX_ROM_NORMALIZATION_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {
		name = "Refuse the Demands"
		SOV = { country_event = ROM_NORMALIZATION.3 }
	}
	option = {
		name = "Agree to the Demands"
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Ion Gheorghe Maurer"
			picture = "Ion_Gheorghe_Maurer.dds"
			ideology = stalinism
		}
		SOV = { country_event = ROM_NORMALIZATION.2 }
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = ROM_NORMALIZATION.2
	title = "Romania Agrees: Ceausescu Purged"
	desc = ROM_NORMALIZATION.2.d
	picture = GFX_ROM_NORMALIZATION_2
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Wonderful News"

	}
}
country_event = {
	id = ROM_NORMALIZATION.3
	title = "Romania Refuses...."
	desc = ROM_NORMALIZATION.3.d
	picture = GFX_ROM_NORMALIZATION_3
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Time for another invasion..."
		declare_war_on = {
			target = ROM
			type = puppet_wargoal_focus
		}
		news_event = ROM_NORMALIZATION.4
	}
	option = {
		name = "We must back down"
		news_event = ROM_NORMALIZATION.5
	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Pol.2
	title = "The Return of the Old Guard"
	desc = Brezhnev_Pol.2.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Pol_2
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Their service is still needed"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Pol.3
	title = "Re-Establishment of the Vertical Party Structure"
	desc = Brezhnev_Pol.3.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Pol_3
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "We must restore the power of the party"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Destalinization.49
	title = "Scapegoating Khruschev"
	desc = Destalinization.49.d
	picture = GFX_Destalinization_49
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "A Failure of a Leader"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Destalinization.50
	title = "Reversing Destalinization"
	desc = Destalinization.50.d
	picture = GFX_Destalinization_50
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Good"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Maoism_SU.1
	title = "The Domestic Anti-Revisionist Threat"
	desc = Maoism_SU.1.d
	picture = GFX_Maoism_SU_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Sakharov.1
	title = "Deal with Sakharov"
	desc = Sakharov.1.d
	picture = GFX_Sakharov_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "He must be discredited"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Sakharov_HRC.1
	title = "Initiating Talks with Sakharov"
	desc = Sakharov_HRC.1.d
	picture = GFX_Sakharov_HRC_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Here we go...."

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Ethniciy.1
	title = "The Nationalities Particularism Problem"
	desc = Brezhnev_Ethniciy.1.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Ethniciy_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Russification is the Answer"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Ethniciy.3
	title = "Abolishment of Tribal Governments"
	desc = Brezhnev_Ethniciy.3.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Ethniciy_3
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Progress"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Ethniciy.2
	title = "Appoint Russians as SSR Premiers"
	desc = Brezhnev_Ethniciy.2.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Ethniciy_2
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Good"

	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = ABMT.1
	title = "ABMT Treaty Proposed"
	desc = ABMT.1.d
	picture = GFX_ABMT_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Agree to Negotiations"
		news_event = ABMT.3

	}
	option = {
		name = "Reject the Proposal"
		news_event = ABMT.2
	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = SALT_II.1
	title = "SALT II Treaty Proposed"
	desc = SALT_II.1.d
	picture = GFX_SALT_II_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Agree to Negotiations"
		news_event = SALT_II.3
	}
	option = {
		name = "Reject the Proposal"
		news_event = SALT_II.2
	}
}
 
country_event = {
	id = SOV_PLO.1
	title = "Supporting the PLO"
	desc = SOV_PLO.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_PLO_1
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = ""

	}
}

#News Events
news_event = {
	id = SOV_AFG.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Invasion of Afghanistan"
	desc = SOV_AFG.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_AFG_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "This won't end well"

	}

}
 
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_POL.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Solidarity Crushed"
	desc = Brezhnev_POL.1.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_POL_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_Detente.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Embrace Detente"
	desc = SOV_Detente.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_Detente_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_VIN.20
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet Lobbying for Peace in Vietnam"
	desc = SOV_VIN.20.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_VIN_20
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Hopefully this reduces tension"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_Mid_FP.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]American-Soviet Arms Limitation Talks"
	desc = SOV_Mid_FP.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_Mid_FP_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Good News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ABMT.2
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]America Rejects the ABMT Treaty"
	desc = ABMT.2.d
	picture = GFX_ABMT_2
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ABMT.3
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The ABMT Treaty"
	desc = ABMT.3.d
	picture = GFX_ABMT_3
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SALT_II.2
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]America Rejects SALT II"
	desc = SALT_II.2.d
	picture = GFX_SALT_II_2
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SALT_II.3
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The SALT II Treaty"
	desc = SALT_II.3.d
	picture = GFX_SALT_II_3
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great News"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Sov_FP.125
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]New Soviet Foiegn Policy Outlook"
	desc = Sov_FP.125.d
	picture = GFX_Sov_FP_125
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Brezhnev Doctrine"
	desc = Brezhnev.1.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ROM_NORMALIZATION.4
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Invasion of Romania"
	desc = ROM_NORMALIZATION.4.d
	picture = GFX_ROM_NORMALIZATION_4
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = ROM_NORMALIZATION.5
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviets Backdown Over Romania"
	desc = ROM_NORMALIZATION.5.d
	picture = GFX_ROM_NORMALIZATION_5
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "An Embarassment"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_Kashmir.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Propose Talks Over Kashmir"
	desc = SOV_Kashmir.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_Kashmir_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Will they manage to end the conflict?"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = SOV_PAL.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Endorse a Two State Solution"
	desc = SOV_PAL.1.d
	picture = GFX_SOV_PAL_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "This will upset Israel"
		trigger = {
			NOT = { tag = ISR }
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
		trigger = {
			tag = ISR 
		}
	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Solzhenitsyn.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Soviet's Forbid Solzhenitsyn from Collecting the Nobel Prize"
	desc = Solzhenitsyn.1.d
	picture = GFX_Solzhenitsyn_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = DevSocialism.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]A Developed Socialism"
	desc = DevSocialism.1.d
	picture = GFX_DevSocialism_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Constitution.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Brezhnev Constitution"
	desc = Brezhnev_Constitution.1.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Constitution_1
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "What will this mean for the future of the union?"

	}
}
 
news_event = {
	id = Brezhnev_Pol.100
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Breznhev's Growing List of Titles"
	desc = Brezhnev_Pol.100.d
	picture = GFX_Brezhnev_Pol_100
	major = yes
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Well that is something"

	}
}