add_namespace = PAK_1955
add_namespace = PAK_ECON
add_namespace = PAK_Constitution
add_namespace = PAK_Military
add_namespace = Rawalpindi
add_namespace = Nazimuddin
add_namespace = PAK_ASSASIN
add_namespace = Language_Debate
add_namespace = Lahore_Riots
add_namespace = Bogra_PM
add_namespace = Ayub_Khan
add_namespace = Ahmedi
add_namespace = PAK_REl
add_namespace = COMPAK_Kashmir
add_namespace = Bangladesh_Independence
add_namespace = PAEC
add_namespace = Afghan_PAK
add_namespace = Gwadar
add_namespace = Khan_PAK
add_namespace = Gilgit
add_namespace = PAK_INDIA
add_namespace = USA_PAK
add_namespace = INDIA_PAK_COM
add_namespace = Bengal_Question

#country_event
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.0
	title = "The Basic Principles Report"
	desc = PAK_Constitution.0.d
	picture = GFX_Basic_Principles_Report
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "A solid report"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ASSASIN.1
	title = "The Assassination of Liaquat Ali Khan"
	desc = PAK_ASSASIN.1.d
	picture = GFX_Assasination_Pakistan
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "A tragedy"
		kill_country_leader = yes
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Khwaja Nazimuddin"
			picture = "Khwaja_Nazimuddin.dds"
			ideology = national_conservatism
		}
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Shaheed_e_Millat
		news_event = PAK_ASSASIN.2
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Nazimuddin.1
	title = "Khawaja Nazimuddin Becomes Prime Minister"
	desc = Nazimuddin.1.d
	picture = GFX_Nazimuddin_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Lahore_Riots.1
	title = "The Lahore Riots"
	desc = Lahore_Riots.1.d
	picture = GFX_Lahore_Riots_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Lahore_Riots.2
	title = "Martial Law in Lahore"
	desc = Lahore_Riots.2.d
	picture = GFX_Lahore_Riots_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Order must be restored"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.1
	title = "Mohammad Ali Bogra Becomes Prime Minister"
	desc = Bogra_PM.1.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Surprising"
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Mohammad Ali Bogra"
			picture = "Mohammad_Ali_Bogra.dds"
			ideology = national_conservatism
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.2
	title = "The Bogra Formula"
	desc = Bogra_PM.2.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.3
	title = "Political Infighting Intensifies"
	desc = Bogra_PM.3.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "This will not help matters"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.4
	title = "Prime Minister Bogra Dismissed"
	desc = Bogra_PM.4.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Chaudhry Muhammad Ali"
			picture = "Chaudhry_Muhammad_Ali.dds"
			ideology = national_conservatism
		}
		

	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.1
	title = "New Constitution"# (Triple Alliance)
	desc = PAK_Constitution.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Constitution_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great news"
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.2
	title = "New Constitution"# (United Front)
	desc = PAK_Constitution.2.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Constitution_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great news"
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.3
	title = "New Constitution"# (Islamist Version)
	desc = PAK_Constitution.3.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Constitution_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Wonderful news"
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.1
	title = "The Rawalpindi Conspiracy"
	desc = Rawalpindi.1.d
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 75
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 100
			}
		}
		name = "Round up the plotters"
		country_event = Rawalpindi.2
	}
	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 25
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 0
			}
		}
		name = "Baseless Speculation"
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = communism
			elections_allowed = no
		}
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
		news_event = Rawalpindi.3
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Leftist_Coup_Succeeds
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.2
	title = "The Rawalpindi Conspiracy Revealed"
	desc = Rawalpindi.2.d
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "A military purge is in order..."
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = Ayub_Khan.1
	title = "Ayub Khan's Coup"
	desc = Ayub_Khan.1.d
	picture = GFX_Ayub_Khan_Coup
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Surprising"
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = neutrality
			elections_allowed = no
		}
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_country_flag = balanced_development
			}
			country_event = Ayub_Khan.2
			complete_national_focus = PAK_Solidiy_Civil_Military_Alliance
		}
		else = {
			country_event = Bangladesh_Independence.1
			complete_national_focus = PAK_East_Pakistan_Explodes
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Ayub_Khan.2
	title = "Ayub Khan Consolidates Power"
	desc = Ayub_Khan.2.d
	picture = GFX_Ayub_Khan_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Hopefully the military can calm tensions"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Language_Debate.1
	title = "The Language Debate"
	desc = Language_Debate.1.d
	picture = GFX_Language_Debate_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Restore order!"
		hidden_effect = {
			country_event = { id = Language_Debate.2 days = 3 }
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Allow people to speak out"
		add_political_power = -100
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Language_Debate.2
	title = "Rioting in Dacca"
	desc = Language_Debate.2.d
	picture = GFX_Language_Debate_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "More rebel elements....."
		add_stability = -0.05
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = conservative 
			popularity = -0.05
		}
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = COMPAK_Kashmir.1
	title = "General Akbar Khan Demands Action"
	desc = COMPAK_Kashmir.1.d
	picture = GFX_COMPAK_Kashmir_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Restrait is neccessary"
	}
	option = {
		name = "Launch the Strikes"
		start_border_war = {
			change_state_after_war = no
			attacker = {
				state = 1144
				num_provinces = 4
				on_win = COMPAK_Kashmir.2
				on_lose = COMPAK_Kashmir.3
				on_cancel = Indochina_War.4
			}
						
			defender = {
				state = 441
				num_provinces = 4
				on_win = Indochina_War.4
				on_lose = Indochina_War.4
				on_cancel = Indochina_War.4
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = COMPAK_Kashmir.2
	title = "The Liberation of Kashmir"
	desc = COMPAK_Kashmir.2.d
	picture = GFX_COMPAK_Kashmir_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "A Glorious Day"
		transfer_state = 441
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = COMPAK_Kashmir.3
	title = "Disaster in Kashmir"
	desc = COMPAK_Kashmir.3.d
	picture = GFX_COMPAK_Kashmir_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate, but not unexpected"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_1955.1
	title = "The 1955 Constituent Assembly"
	desc = PAK_1955.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_1955_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "United Front"
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 75
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 100
			}
		}
		complete_national_focus = PAK_United_Front
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = Social_Liberalism
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 0
			}
		}
		name = "Triple Alliance"
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Triple_Alliance
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = conservative
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 0
			}
		}
		name = "Jamaat-i-Islami"
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Jamaat_i_Islami
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = islamism
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Military.0
	title = "A Pakistani Army"
	desc = PAK_Military.0.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Military_0
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Good news"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Military.1
	title = "Ayub Khan Becomes First Pakistani Army Chief"
	desc = PAK_Military.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Military_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Excellent"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Ahmedi.1
	title = "The Ahmedi Question"
	desc = Ahmedi.1.d
	picture = GFX_Ahmedi_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "This won't end well"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_REl.1
	title = "Imam's in the Army"
	desc = PAK_REl.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_REl_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Why would the army complain?"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.1
	title = "Jute or Cotton"
	desc = PAK_ECON.1.d
	picture = GFX_Jute_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Jute"
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 100
			}
		}
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = agri_industrial_complex
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Cotton"
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 0
			}
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				NOT = { 
					is_core_of = BAN
				}
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = agri_industrial_complex
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.2
	title = "The Bank Expansion Question"
	desc = PAK_ECON.2.d
	picture = GFX_Pakistan_national_bank
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Place the Bank in Dacca"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		430 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Place the Bank in West Pakistan"
		capital_scope = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.3
	title = "Develop Lahore or Dacca"
	desc = PAK_ECON.3.d
	picture = GFX_Pak_Econ_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Support BSRM"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		430 = {
			add_resource = { type = steel amount = 20 }
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Support Mughal Steel"
		440 = {
			add_resource = { type = steel amount = 20 }
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.4
	title = "Develop the NWFP or Interior Bengal"
	desc = PAK_ECON.4.d
	picture = GFX_Pak_Econ_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Interior Bengal"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		1108 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = state_infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "NWFP"
		442 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = state_infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.5
	title = "Develop Sindh or Coastal Bengal"
	desc = PAK_ECON.5.d
	picture = GFX_Pak_Econ_5
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Develop Karachi"
		
		443 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = dockyard
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = industrial_complex
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Develop Chittagong"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		919 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = dockyard
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = industrial_complex
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.1
	title = "The Bangaldeshi Uprising"
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.1.d
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "We must crush this"
		country_event = Bangladesh_Independence.2
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.2
	title = "The Fate of the 14th Division"
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.2.d
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	immediate = {
		release = BAN
	}
	option = {
		name = "We can not accept the loss"
		news_event = Bangladesh_Independence.3
	}
	option = {
		name = "Fight until the End"
		news_event = Bangladesh_Independence.4
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bengal_Question.1
	title = "The Bengal Question"
	desc = Bengal_Question.1.d
	picture = GFX_Bengal_Question
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	immediate = {
		release = BAN
	}
	option = {
		name = "Grant greater autonomy"
		add_stability = 0.15
		every_owned_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = autonomous_state } }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = "The status quo is fine"
		add_political_power = -100
		add_stability = -0.05
	}
}

#news_event
news_event = {
	id = PAEC.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Establishment of PAEC"
	picture = GFX_PAEC
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = PAEC.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = PAK_ASSASIN.2
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Assassination of Liaquat Ali Khan"
	picture = GFX_PAK_ASSASIN_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = PAK_ASSASIN.2.d

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Afghan_PAK.20
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Condemns Afghani Threats"
	picture = GFX_Afghan_PAK_20
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Afghan_PAK.20.d

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Gwadar.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Purchases Gwadar"
	picture = GFX_Gwadar
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Gwadar.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Khan_PAK.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Foriegn Minister Khan Dazzles the UN"
	picture = GFX_Generic_UN_1950s
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = no
	desc = Khan_PAK.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Great"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Gilgit.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Status of Gilgit Balistan"
	picture = GFX_Gilgit_Baltistan
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Gilgit.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = PAK_INDIA.10
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Rejects the No War Pact"
	picture = GFX_PAK_INDIA_10
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = PAK_INDIA.10.d

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = USA_PAK.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Presidential Visit to Pakistan"
	picture = GFX_USA_PAK_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = USA_PAK.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.3
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Withdraws from Bangladesh"
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.3.d

	option = {
		name = "Surprising"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.4
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Bangaldesh Uprising"
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.4.d

	option = {
		name = "Another war...."
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = INDIA_PAK_COM.1
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The All India Party Conference"
	picture = GFX_INDIA_PAK_COM_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = INDIA_PAK_COM.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.3
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Rawalpindi Revolution"
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Rawalpindi.3.d

	option = {
		name = "A major development"
		if = { 
			limit = {
				tag = PAK
			}
			news_event = { id = Rawalpindi.4 days = 5 }
		}
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.4
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Faiz Ahmed Faiz Named Chairman of the CPP"
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Rawalpindi.4.d

	option = {
		name = "An interesting choice"
	}
}
